The goals of your journal are:

For you to improve your learning processes and self-reflection, and to focus on developing skills that will make you more employable - both in terms of CMS and generally
For staff to see clear evidence of your learning activities including appropriate "time on task" and thoughtful insights, in order to reward you with the practical marks you deserve for your efforts.
Create your Learning Journal as a separate GitHub repo (with nothing else in it) and do each week's entry as a new markdown (.md) file.
For each prac submission, submit the link directly to the week's entry (not the repo, but the page).

Part of the learning for this task is to get familiar with Markdown, which you will use for project documentation (and of course, in industry). So, use proper headings, dot-points, etc.

For each week, complete an entry in your journal that includes at least the following sections (headings):

Week
Learning Activities & Resources
Estimated Hours
Content Insights
Career/Employability/Learning Insights
Here are some guidelines:

Your "Estimated Hours" section should be a simple, honest estimate of the number of hours you spent LEARNING. You don't need to explain in prose, just provide a time.
This is a "learning journal" not just a record of all the things you did in the subject. So, if you spent 3 hours fixing an error or designing a site, you don't put that here. But if while fixing the error, you decided to learn more about the issue through training, then that goes in your learning journal.
The "Learning Activities" section is not a general catch-all for things you did, it is only for recording explicit learning activities. Things like doing the prac, solving a problem, making a site... are NOT to go here. Watching a learning course, doing a tutorial, getting expert advice, going to a seminar... are all activities with the explicit purpose of learning; these go here.
Think of this as a useful resource for yourself. If you find a good learning resource, include the link so that weeks later, you can look back in your journal and find it easily again.
The first few sections can be brief, but the last two sections require you to reflect, think and write clearly what your insights were. Use complete sentences and record your insights so that you will understand them when you read them again in a few weeks.
Let's be real. Sometimes you don't get any real "insights". Don't make up stuff (lies) to make it look like you've completed the work. Do you think that's what your company will want?
Examples of fairly poor (low marks) insights might be:

(Content) I revised HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
(Career/Employability/Learning) Lots of videos was boring.

Examples of good (high marks) insight might be:

(Content) I re-learned that HTML is used for site function/content and CSS is used for form/style. Separation of form and function is important for things like maintainability and device-dependent presentation.
(Career/Employability/Learning) I found watching lots of videos bored me quickly. Changing to watching videos for a short time, then practising what I'd just learned kept me much more engaged and I didn't have to keep re-watching videos because I'd drifted off.
